1. the main porpus of ietf is to develop protocols to the entrnet and check if they work 
2. this are the rules and the ways 2 protocols comunicte between each other like transport 
data links security  iot protocols
3. it is stands Reqest for comments where people can shere comments about protocols and give new ideas
4. it used for communication between clints and servers like web browsing data retrieval api communication 
hypermedia transfer stateless secure data transfet RESTful services
5. they are very simmler but they are different in security http send that data like simple text so we can listen 
to the data he works with tcp and https works with also with tls and he add another lair that use ssl tls to make 
the data more secure 
6. it works like quastion and answer some cline ask something send to the server and gets answer the server calculte 
the quastoin and response the right action 
7. it is like agent that identifies clinte or request it contains name of clinte version it helps to the web server 
understand what the clinte want and give him data the fit to him , web server it is hardware the responds to http request 
by img vidoes html so if clinte ask for somthing he usualy gets it like page web , proxies are servers between the servers and 
the clints 
8. it gives us anonymy secuery and caching we can hide with them ip address and also control incoming to make that not 
all the request will be on one server so they sprite them equaly  we can also use proxies for cyber attack 
9. it refers to the state that the protocol save to keep his prograss when the country he is in help like stateful protocols 
they are save data from both sides and they are secure , non stateful protocols it is without secure they work alone 
10. no http not use state it means he dont save request from the past
11.  clinet make http request like kick on link url than tcp protocole make the connection to the server than the server processing the 
data he need to send back and than http response send back all the data the server processing than client processing  all the data and than
the client close the tcp connection 
12. headers request are information about the client that tell how the sever soulde response 
13. when we use website the first time we need to get from the server all the data of the page we use cookie to save all that data 
on our computer and just when the page change in the server and we use the web we send all the data again
14. methods like get post put  , url , verstion of http , headrs , query parametrs , and their are some optional things like 
cookes of custom headrs
15. first status like versoin the status code (200) and text (OK) , response headres , body like html and json 
16. 2 use tcp 3 use udp , 2 allow to get and send a lot of data together while 3 is unic , 3 make connection fast than 2 
3 is more secure 